I remember on Team Liquid I always tell
them that just be patient and we'll
start winning and that actually never
happens I don't know you told me to be
patient and team liquid will start
winning look they're waiting you were
right I was right the whole time all
they had to do is just replace me okay I
get it I get it now
I'm joined right now by Matt from golden
Guardians after a tough loss against CLG
now Matt you know as we get in this
interview
brought to you by Omni slash I wanted to
ask you a little bit about how things
are going on the Guardians because a lot
of people disappointed by the losses but
I know that team mantra philosophy has
always been hey this is a long-term plan
so are you guys able to kind of keep
morale up while you go through what are
presumably just a couple of losses
before you start to grow and improve
losing sucks but I think our team
morality or a team we're not morality a
team morality it's questionable
yeah the morality of those team it's not
that we're not we're not killing
ourselves but I'm where else is pretty
good you know we're not like you know
we're not like TSM before I'd imagine
their morality is in jeopardy but for us
you know I don't think we have that much
expectations I feel like the community
either way unless if we like somehow
miraculous I mean I I don't think
there's much difference even after the
results going forward though you know
we're looking to yeah keep folks skin
structure keep focusing on what's
getting us better because I mean so far
and the results even though we've lost
every game we've pretty much only thrown
and the pasture games and even today
against CLG like if we didn't throw it
was a pretty easy win right so baby
steps and will be a winning team I
always say it feels like you are you
know if if Dignitas is if if you guys
replaced a team in the LCS it might have
been Dignitas because of what i've
noticed is a trend of just throwing
these games today we saw it with baron
you guys had a lead everything looked
okay and then it just went wrong why why
are you guys never able to maintain the
lead well I guess in practice we were a
little bit more focused on
like smaller stuff we haven't really
graduated to the big picture stuff but I
think next week we'll be focusing more
I'm not throwing once we get all the
leads you know I think our small
improvements I've been shown you know
we've like we today we beat clg's
bottling pretty handily like we took the
tower to b2 we rotate it upside I took
the tower
I took their mid tower eventually and
that shows really good signs of hey
we're stronger in Lane
we got some good mechanics are a good
base level down and then now it's just
the time of building up on that base so
I feel like since we have good base
level we're gonna have a lot easier time
mounding more knowledge mounting more
game sort of sense and to having better
decisions so we don't just randomly
throw out 21 minutes or whatever the
time was when we threw in I asked 6a
about you guys unless I feel like it's
okay to ask you about CLG you were yes
it had you won that would have sent CLG
into a zero force situation which you
know again just a meme chat a little bit
they were his pick to be number one in
the league at the start so why you know
why what do you see his clg's issues you
might have some ideas despite the fact
that they did manage to close out the
game against you well I just played
against them so it would be extreme
recency bias to say that whatever
results was today is there actual issues
but I mean what I've noticed a day is
that we did take their tower pretty
easily in lane bottle in the top side
got pretty farm like in the end I think
darshan was like six items and we were
like all like four items or maybe less
and that seemed pretty hard so maybe
they're putting too much focus on top
side I don't know but that being said
yeah we were able to get to a point to
throw so I think we up until a certain
point we were doing good and we just
threw what is you think the rest of your
team is able to hold up because you seem
to have an OK attitude right now as the
rest of the team dealing with it okay or
is it a a plastic bag just rolling
through this interview right now and I'm
just gonna put that there is there do
you think that the the rest of your team
is able to keep that going
I mean everyone's human we all feel
motions I'm really good at keeping my
composure
you know I've dealt with a lot of losing
you're on tl for a while yeah was on
Team Liquid before they changed to a
winning team yeah I've learned how to
deal with losses my teammates
they've all been around you know now not
ever I mean contracts probably hasn't
been on a losing team but yeah I mean
it's just we got to learn how to deal
with it that's part of being a
professional player yeah you told me you
had time because your team you had a
team dinner
I just watched all your team walk down
that walkway over there and leave so do
I need to wrap up this interview no I
got another ride don't worry you've got
another okay cool
where you going for your team dinner I
mean I didn't pick it out
it was latke bono which is in Venice and
it's like three and a half stars and
Yelp so I'd give it a hard pass of his
me but it's a team dinner is it a
Mexican restaurant is Mexican you want a
Mexican apparently I I mean it makes
good food it's good it was just
interesting you know kind of get the
culture of the team out and about I
liked your video by the way that golden
Guardians video that came out this week
and sort of showing casing the
experience that you guys had up there I
think it was kind of surreal for some of
the fans to see you guys talking with
some of the Golden State Warriors guys
yeah that trip up there was super fun
you know talking with Steph Curry
talking with Katie like it wasn't shown
on the video but I talked with Katie a
little bit he's not really into like
technology and like video games so I'd
imagine he's not that interested in LCS
but Steph Curry he seemed really
interested and he wanted to come down
LCS sometime so I'm I'm hoping he's
gonna hit us up when he comes back to LA
and we'll Chodos yes I know needs to
make sure he tells me when he's coming
so I can interview him because that
would just be fun just be like hey I ran
into this random fan here from the
golden Guardian saw that interview him
that'd be great
is there anything that you want to say
tuning the fans out there oh geez I
remember on Team Liquid I always tell
them that just be patient and we'll
start winning and that action ever
happens I don't know you told him to be
patient and team liquid will start
winning
look they're waiting you were right I
was right the whole time all they had to
do is just replace me okay I get it I
get it now so maybe it won't be the
trend we don't have to wait until they
replace me we'll just end up becoming a
winning team eventually okay I'm looking
forward to it thank you so much for the
interview and thanks for doing one after
I'm sure a tough loss a lot of players
don't like to do that that much but it's
good to see you in high spirits everyone
else you can check out the rest my
coverage
all things LCS esports more right here
on my youtube channel i will say thank
you so much for the support and watching
my content if you want to you can
subscribe and you'll see more omni /
sponsor - brought to you by content
right here on my channel